AE’LA’S BONES OF DRAGONS
By
S.R. Weaver

PAGE ONE

Splash Panel. A robot girl is resting inside of a dark cave, modified with ancient laboratory walls. The room is dark, with the only light from ancient computer network room unmaintained for hundreds of years.


PAGE TWO ( 3 Panels)

Panel 1. A girl in wooden shoes and a white robe, sings the blues in a future Hafestran language. She carries a wooden cane, as long as she is tall in her wood clogs. Darkness surrounds her, trembling she poses staff.

Panel 2. A spider, about the size of a 50ft giant ape, tries to eat her. AE’LA pokes its eyes leaving it stunned.

Panel 3. Losing desire to eat, she climbs the rocks. The spider tries to climb the rocks in order to stalk her to the cave.


PAGE THREE ( 4 Panels )

Panel 1. Ae’la hops across the gap to avoid the collapsing rocks.

Caption: She hops to avoid the falling
	   rocks, that fall in the
	   Spider’s direction.
	   Narrowly avoid falling
	   She arrives.

Panel 2. Ae’la looks over the large broken bridge seeing where she could have landed if she were not so careful.

Panel 3. Ae’la wanders into the cave.

Caption: Inside the cave
        The darkness closing in
        startles her she falls
        landing on her boxom.
        She collapses, is tired.

Panel 4. Ae’la faints from tiredness.


PAGE FOUR ( 1 Panel )

Splash Page. Ae’la finds herself upon a female figure made out of ancient fiberglass skeleton and TPE skin with healing capabilities. The robot girl has one eye open, to help her keep watch.

ROBOT GIRL: Who disturbs my sleep!
AE’LA: I hear a voice! I mean no harm.
ROBOT GIRL: You sound my age. If I aged like humans.


PAGE FIVE ( 5 Panels )

Panel 1. Ae’la look in closely at the figure. The figure has both eyes open, as she props herself up off of the metal tiled floor of the “cavern”. An ancient military encampment from the last remaining world military.

ROBOT GIRL: Boo!
AE’LA: I didn’t see you come in.
ROBOT GIRL: I’ve been hear for years.
AE’LA: But there is no food.
ROBOT GIRL: Only fleshies need food, human child.

Panel 2. The robot girl leans in the direction of Ae’la.

ROBOT GIRL: Have you come to retrieve me?
AE’LA: Are you the one that posted the flier?
ROBOT GIRL: I see my messenger has not failed me.

Panel 3. Ae’la looks around the room.

AE’LA: There are so many dragon bones here.
ROBOT GIRL: Not dragons, but mechanical armor from
           before both our times.
AE’LA: Not sure what you mean...hey look!

Panel 4. Ae’la picks up a large chestplate and helmet.

ROBOT GIRL: Don’t touch that, it has.
AE’LA: Let me, magical powers I can’t handle right. Bite me!
ROBOT GIRL: You’re thinking of bad fantasy movies.

Panel 5. AE’LA takes the “dragon bones” along with the ancient battle sex robot.

AE’LA: Let us, together, go home.
ROBOT GIRL: I wander what the world is like,
           after all these years?

Panel 6. The armor helps guide them to wear they can safely climb down the mountain to arrives back at the entrance of the cave.

ROBOT GIRL: It is hotter than I remembered.
AE’LA: Feels normal to me.

PAGE SIX ( 8 Panels )

Panel 1. A girl in a desert robt, and a robot girl with unpolished limbs, stand outside the gate of the village in the desert. The sun is fading away in the distance. The fence around the town is made out of cracked adobe.

Caption: Ae’la and the robot girl
        arrived in villa.

Panel 2. The wind in the desert sky blows bruskly a tree in the oasis. The oasis is just outside of town. The darkness of the desert evening has almost arrived in the evening sky.

Panel 3. Villagers attempt to stay away from the girl that wandered into the distant cave, lest they get infected by whatever sickness may have reached her skin.

Caption: It was cold and windy.
        Villagers in the old villa
        geered long.

Panel 4. Ae’la and the robot girl stand outside the mechanic shop. The mechanic with his robe and staff, is there to great them at the door. He he has a long unshaven beard similar to a wizard.

Caption: At the desert mechanic shop,
        where Ae’la spent years,

Panel 5. Ae’la and the robot girl are allowed inside of the shop, and one of the old man’s assistance closed the large door. The darkness inside the adobe house lit the way through the hall. The light outside the door is barely visible.

Captipn: The wrinkled man with a cane,
        hobbled in the old shop,
        poking cane.

Panel 6. Ae’la shows the old man the robot girl, and the ancient set of dragon bones that she had found in the cave, that looked more unusual than the ones she had been used to seeing on her adventures.

AE’LA: I got something new in cave!
OLD MAN: Let me see!

Panel 7. The robot girl gently tugged Ae’la’s arm to move out of the direction of the old man, who visits his work bench to observe the metallic looking frame.

Caption: The robot girl stood at length,
	   To give him visual
	 Representation. At his     Representation. At his
        Strength, he stood so still.

ROBOT GIRL: It’s not a dragon.

Panel 7. The robot girl waves her hand as if it request attention.

CAPTION: The robot girl gestured to
        The man with robe...

ROBOT GIRL: But a piece of fragment.

Panel 8. The old wizard almost collapsed in shock, carefully propping himself up with his cane.

OLD MAN: In my lament I never thought
        I’d see a piece of tech fragment.
        In all these years.
